Template content overhaul (#45897)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/event-binding.md

* [Binding syntax](guide/binding-syntax)

## Binding to events

To bind to an event you use the Angular event binding syntax.
This syntax consists of a target event name within parentheses to the left of an equal sign, and a quoted template statement to the right.

Create the following example; the target event name is `click` and the template statement is `onSave()`.

<code-example language="html" header="Event binding syntax">
&lt;button (click)="onSave()"&gt;Save&lt;/button&gt;
</code-example>

The event binding listens for the button's click events and calls the component's `onSave()` method whenever a click occurs.

<div class="lightbox">
  <img src='generated/images/guide/template-syntax/syntax-diagram.svg' alt="Syntax diagram">
</div>

### Determining an event target

To determine an event target, Angular checks if the name of the target event matches an event property of a known directive.

Create the following example: (Angular checks to see if `myClick` is an event on the custom `ClickDirective`)

<code-example path="event-binding/src/app/app.component.html" region="custom-directive" header="src/app/app.component.html"></code-example>

> If the target event name, `myClick` fails to match an element event or an output property of `ClickDirective`, Angular reports an "unknown directive" error.

Reviewer: I don't think this is accurate? This would just make it use `el.addEventListener('myClick')` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the target event name, `myClick` fails to match an output property of `ClickDirective`, Angular will instead bind to the `myClick` event on the underlying DOM element.
```

## Binding to passive events

This is an advanced technique that is not necessary for most applications. You may find this useful if you want to optimize frequently occurring events that are causing performance problems.

Angular also supports passive event listeners. For example, use the following steps to make a scroll event passive.

1. Create a file `zone-flags.ts` under `src` directory.
2. Add the following line into this file.

```

> schwag

Reviewer: Is this right?
